are you competing what are you competing
I'm competing awesome what's your I'm
sorry I'm a cross-country skier and I'm
competing today
Wow how do you feel I feel good yeah
these are easily nervous is it like I'm
so sorry I'll totally okay like that is
Nick Kroll with Alexis this is a very
interesting thing that you did and I'm
still not quite sure I understand it
even if you've explained it to me before
so Alexei Pappas and Jeremy Teicher
filmmaker couple and Alexei was a summer
Olympian and ran in Rio and they got a
grant from the Olympic Committee to go
to the Winter Olympics to make some
films some short films and they decided
to take that opportunity to make a
feature film at the Olympics based on a
fin experience that Alexi had had where
she had met like a doctor a volunteer
doctor and at the Olympics and and like
he hit on her and she had a boyfriend at
the time so nothing happened but they
thought what have we met a movie about
this if this had blossomed into a
romance so they brought me in and we you
know sculpted the the outline into us
you know like a script and then we went
to the Olympics and because we were had
been sponsored by the Olympic Committee
itself we had carte blanche to go
anywhere inside of the Olympic Games and
be inside of the athletes village in the
dining hall in the Med Center in the
dorms in in the athletes lounges and
everywhere that you never get to see
with the Olympics and we shot a feature
film that's a very sweet story about
these two people who are a Lexie's
character who is a cross-country skier
and my character is a volunteer dentist
and they're two people are sort of lost
in the world and they find each other
and and have like a very sweet story all
under the backdrop of the Olympics and
all the majesty and amazing and not just
backdrop you were in the middle of the
village while the athletes were
preparing to
in the Olympics yeah and you used
various people in the movie so guys
we're getting ready to bobsled yeah you
then said hey do you want to be in the
movie yeah so like it was and there was
no crew it was just me Jeremy and Alexey
that three of us made the whole movie
and and so we would grab athletes did
all the other actors in the movies are
Winter Olympic athletes so we would like
I would be in the dentist chair because
my as the dentist I would be sort of
giving people dental exams and then
interviewing them about their
experiences and Alexi would run into the
cafeteria and be like hey do you want to
be in a movie with Nick Kroll and
they're like we don't know who that is
the guy with the small penis so so they
would come down and I would interview
them and and and we would also be
shooting scenes but people didn't know
that we were shooting because there was
just the two of us there's no lights
there's no crew so we would be having
this like very emotional scene about
like where we were in our relationship
and because I was dressed as a volunteer
at the Olympics people would just come
up to me and be like hey do you know
where the gym is and I'd be in the
middle of like I don't know what I'm
doing um yeah you're gonna want to make
a right but its cert but it made it all
it ultimately may have movie ever done
anything like that it was pretty crazy
it's very intrusive yeah you are you
must be a real favorite of the Olympics
now because these are the beds that
they're gonna be using in Tokyo and
they're made of cardboard and I guess
they do this for recycling environmental
yeah yeah who made an instructional
video yes produced this video I produced
this video but I have no part in it
you're not in the video I'm not in the
video and I have no I'm not responsible
for its content and the and the idea is
to to instruct the Olympic athletes on
how to use the new cardboard bed yes and
I produce it but I'm not involved
hello world-class athlete and
congratulations on making it to the
Olympic Village in Tokyo every piece of
your quarters has been arranged for
maximum comfort as everyone knows the
Olympic Village is where you and your
fellow athletes can celebrate
achievements by merging your gorgeous
bodies and Exce of sex whether it be
vaginal anal owl or anything in between
anything girls in the village okay this
year the Olympic Committee will be
providing you with state-of-the-art beds
that are made of yes you guessed it
cowboy this is not a joke go google it
after this we are making the beds of
cardboard to be ecologically friendly so
that we do not disappoint our beloved
Greta tunberg the child warrior whose
intensity has terrified and excited the
entire world we are with you Greta your
braid brings us all power because of the
bed seemingly flimsy construction many
have asked will they be steady enough to
support my erotic movements the
thrusting and so forth yes they will as
long as you use one of the 72 approved
sexual positions and look I've brought
some of my friends to help me
demonstrate
the slalom the wheat farmers plow
subsidized of course hardwood the
four-poster bed in this one everyone is
enjoying themselves solo but locking
eyes the whole time maybe we should just
use the floor Cool Runnings remember
that movie
all righty John Candy rhythmic
gymnastics keep and of course the high
dive was not sanctioned I just want to
say that sexual infraction for the world
yeah everybody's movie is called
[Applause]
[Music]
if you liked that video click subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies